# [Bronze III] New Lottery Game (Small) - 12250 

[문제 링크](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/12250) 

### 성능 요약

메모리: 2020 KB, 시간: 12 ms

### 분류

브루트포스 알고리즘, 수학

### 제출 일자

2025년 2월 4일 01:59:23

### 문제 설명

<p>The Lottery is changing! The Lottery used to have a machine to generate a random winning number. But due to cheating problems, the Lottery has decided to add another machine. The new winning number will be the result of the bitwise-AND operation between the two random numbers generated by the two machines.</p>

<p>To find the bitwise-AND of X and Y, write them both in binary; then a bit in the result in binary has a 1 if the corresponding bits of X and Y were both 1, and a 0 otherwise. In most programming languages, the bitwise-AND of X and Y is written X&Y.</p>

<p>For example:<br>
   The old machine generates the number 7 = 0111.<br>
   The new machine generates the number 11 = 1011.<br>
   The winning number will be (7 AND 11) = (0111 AND 1011) = 0011 = 3.</p>

<p>With this measure, the Lottery expects to reduce the cases of fraudulent claims, but unfortunately an employee from the Lottery company has leaked the following information: the old machine will always generate a non-negative integer less than A and the new one will always generate a non-negative integer less than B. </p>

<p>Catalina wants to win this lottery and to give it a try she decided to buy all non-negative integers less than K. </p>

<p>Given A, B and K, Catalina would like to know in how many different ways the machines can generate a pair of numbers that will make her a winner. </p>

<p>Could you help her?</p>

### 입력 

 <p>The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, <strong>T</strong>. <strong>T</strong> lines follow, each line with three numbers <strong>A</strong> <strong>B</strong> <strong>K</strong>.</p>

<p>Limits</p>

<ul>
	<li>1 ≤ <strong>T</strong> ≤ 100.</li>
	<li><span style="line-height:1.6em">1 ≤ </span><strong style="line-height:1.6em">A</strong><span style="line-height:1.6em"> ≤ 1000.</span></li>
	<li>1 ≤ <strong>B</strong> ≤ 1000.</li>
	<li>1 ≤ <strong>K</strong> ≤ 1000.</li>
</ul>

### 출력 

 <p>For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the number of possible pairs that the machines can generate to make Catalina a winner.</p>

